hello there i'm jimmy i'm the host
thanks for watching our show thanks for
remaining conscious or
semi-conscious whichever it is hey you
know what we got some good news for a
change today
president biden announced that by april
19th every adult
in the country will be eligible to get
the vaccine you get a shot
and you get a shot and you get a shot
and you get a shot
oh thanks president jopra this is a
i have to say this is going to be a
solid plan you get vaxxed on 419
then you smoke it up on 4 20. it's
really going to be
the timing is beautiful this vaccine
i've been thinking about it's kind of
like losing your virginity
like you're you know your kid one of
your friends does it
tells you all about it it's exciting
then another one does it
tells you what it's like and then the
months go by and all of a sudden you
realize you're the only person you know
that hasn't been poked
and you start imagining it all
the time wondering when maybe even get
so desperate you're willing to pay for
it
i guess what i'm trying to say is this
isn't my first rodeo i've been here
before
but every day it seems like it seems
like we learned something
new that makes some of our behavior over
the past year seem ridiculous
the cdc is now saying that the risk of
getting the virus
from a surface that is contaminated with
covid
is less than one in ten thousand so in
other words the guy at your office with
the big
jug a germicide spray he's fired he will
never see him again
and all those clorox disinfectant wipes
that we hoarded
the cdc says they're no better than
regular soap so we should have known
look at lysol the word lie is right
there in the name
but i guess this means we can go back to
licking our shopping carts again i don't
know
here in california our governor gavin
newsom says we now have the lowest
positivity rate in the country
after having the highest positivity rate
and the plan is to have the state
totally reopened by june 15th that's the
good news for governor newsom the bad
news is
he may have a high profile challenger in
the recall election
none other than caitlyn jenner the
olympic gold medalist is said to be
actively exploring a run for governor
well you know what
if anyone represents change you can
believe in
it's caitlyn jenner i mean but running
as
a republican which i guess is the plan
what's her platform going to be banning
herself from women's restrooms
jenner is working as i guess
with a consultant named carolyn wren
who's a long time republican fundraiser
who helped organize the rally trump held
right before the
attack on the capitol january 6th so
she's in good hands
maybe you know what maybe caitlyn and
arnold will team up
to form governor schwarzenegger that
would really be something
but you know this is historic we may
finally have a female governor of
california
and it's caitlyn jenner keep your
fingers crossed
everybody the department of health and
human services has come up with a
creative way to get people excited about
covet safety they're hosting
a competition called the mask innovation
challenge
now this is a contest anyone can enter
you can enter your mask idea or design
and the winners get to split a cash
prize
of 400 000 they basically turn the
government
into an episode of project runway but
000 is a lot of dollars and so we got to
work today
trying to win it and here it is the
winning mask idea ladies and gentlemen
allow me to present
the mask shirt
[Applause]
very bazooka joe and you don't ever have
to put the mask on because you're
already wearing the mask at all times
how does it feel guillermo oh great do
you feel safe from covid
yeah it's very safe all right you heard
it make the checkout to
james c kimmel you know i have to say
i love this contest the best ideas
always come about a year too late
you know you could wear that upside down
and it could be underpants too right
yeah yeah i think you're right yeah all
right you can take that down now
hey colorado's got a fun contest going
on the state of colorado
is auctioning off marijuana themed
license plates these are
personalized plates the proceeds will go
to charity and the plates have pot
related words on them like hemp
and ganja are two of the offerings this
is the auction that finally answers the
question how big do you have to be
to bid 8 000 on a license plate that
says
bong on it they really will go to the
highest bidder there are only
14 plates available it's a limited
edition most of the words make sense but
like indica and sativa but then there's
this one
one of the words is happy which really
hap
happy is a word for drugs now and if
that's the case who's gonna tell this
guy because i
i've always suspected he was on
something we have a new national
championship in college basketball for
the first time in two years
baylor bested the fictitious university
known as gonzaga
to win their first ever men's basketball
title last night they opened a spokane
whoop ass on them
you know i have to say i make fun of
gonzaga but they deserve a lot of credit
for making it to the finals especially
when all their players
look like extras from boogie nights
gonzaga was undefeated going in but when
they got to the
end they lost because they had to lose i
mean you understand they couldn't win
right
it would blow their cover where is a
school that doesn't exist supposed to
put a trophy
they don't even have shelves so the big
cover-up continues for another year
gonzaganon is what they call it this was
a big day of sports for texas yesterday
besides baylor the rangers had a home
opener
against the blue jays in front of a sold
out crowd
more than 38 thousand potential
infectees
crammed into the state look at that they
just couldn't wait to pee in a trough
again
it was the first sporting event in north
america without crowd size restrictions
many of the fans were defiantly
masculist i like that adult men will go
to a baseball stadium
and wear a glove the whole game for the
1 in
98 000 chance they might catch a foul
ball
but mask no way out of the question
and by the way yeah actually did a very
clever thing
you know how they kept the virus away
they did the wave
and it just fanned it all the way to
arkansas
our former president popped up on
newsmax today
where he encouraged his maga heads to
boycott baseball
and warned against wokeness and also
this is the move now that things are
going well
they can't possibly credit joe biden for
turning the country around so
trump and company like to say someone
else must be running their country
i think other people are making most of
the decisions but i may be wrong about
that i don't know
yeah look i don't i don't really know
very well but
to be honest with you somebody's making
decisions let's put it this way
bernie sanders if he
if he ever won he would never have gone
anywhere near this he cannot believe
what's going on this is bernie sanders
on steroids
our country's becoming a socialist
nation this is bernie sanders
on steroids bernie sanders on steroids i
wonder what that would look like
would that oh not bad at all
he's feeling the burn in the gym now you
know last night
i turned on pbs i know i didn't know you
could still do that either but
i did i turned it on and the minute i
turned it on the doorbell rang and a
tote bag showed up it was unbelievable
so i was watching because i was watching
the new ken burns documentary about
ernest hemingway have you been watching
this guillermo
no no no no you're not really i don't
know honey not interested
no i'm not not into that i just noticed
it says mask
shirt on it yeah right yeah because we
wouldn't have known from the thing you
know
all right anyway um oh joining us now
from his top secret hideout
in walpole new hampshire please welcome
the man himself the multi-emmy
award-winning filmmaker
ken burns hello ken hey jimmy how are
you
thanks for joining us thank you
i have to say i really enjoy i've been
looking forward to seeing this
documentary i you know ernest hemingway
is one of those guys
that you think you know like almost
everything about him and then to see
something like this where you
learn a lot about him is really so
amazing and surprising too
he's the most important american writer
in the 20th century by far
but he's got this outsized mythology of
the big game hunter the deep sea
fisherman the naturalist
the brawler the drinker the man about
town and it's really a mask
that betrays a lot of vulnerability and
sensitivity and that's why his writing's
so good
but we had to spend six years trying to
get through that mask i was surprised to
learn he was shy around women
yeah in the very beginning and i think
in some ways the way he sabotaged his
own
four marriages and other stuff i think
he was pretty anxious about it
still he was into a kind of gender
fluidity
uh he wanted his wives to cut their hair
short and look like boys he would grow
his hair long and then
and then what and then they would fool
around
and then assume the position
exactly no it's very into we learn more
than i ever imagined
and of course the writing is just so
good and enduring and it will be around
a thousand years from now
and you've got so many great actors
participating and playing various roles
doing voiceover
are you working on a documentary about
covet yet because somebody has to get on
that right
well you know we'd like to have
perspective philip graham who ran the
washington post said
journalism is the first rough draft of
history but you don't turn in
a rough draft so we need we used to say
20 25 years distance
but the way things are so fast we need
at least five or six
or seven years before we can look back
and sort of try to come
to terms with not just kovid but the
racial reckoning the metoo movement
insurrection all of that this is as
great a crisis as we've ever faced
as a country along with the civil war
the depression and world war ii
well when you do do that and if you do
want to use any footage of the mask
shirt or even maybe just
include the matte shirt in and i we
would be very very happy to
give you that gratis free of charge
there will be no licensing fee at all
for that
so much that's so kind of you ken i know
in addition to
hemingway you have another project that
you're working on right now
something that's very personal to you
and you brought us
yeah go ahead yeah no no it is personal
to me and it's grown out of many things
and yes well it just you know it means a
lot to me and and and thank you for
are thinking about that well thank you
for bringing us this exclusive
preview of ken burns's next documentary
take a look
benjamin franklin once said there are
three things you can count on in this
lifetime
death taxes and ken burns bowl cut
and for 66 years those words
rang true wars were won
and lost societies rose and fell
but ken burns perky bob served as a
symbol of
american resilience until
2020 when the world changed
pbs and pantene pro-v present
during the civil war phineas cuthbert
burns
was shooting his musket when it
backfired
perfectly singing his hairline into its
now
iconic shape phineas saw it as a sign of
good luck
and four generations of burns have
carried his legacy on their heads
until one blustery new hampshire
afternoon
in the spring of 2020. i was watching
a billy ray cyrus tick-tock
and it looked like he was having so much
fun with that
wind-swept hair and i thought
i'd like to have fun with my hair too on
july
17th of that year ken received a letter
from his barber
dearest kenneth my heart is made heavy
by your absence these past six months
but i keep a lock of your hair as
remembrance in the hope that one day
you will return to me so i can place the
burns family bowl back on your head
and cut around it with my scissors just
as my father
and grandfather did before me locks of
love
lou coming up ken burns faces
the frizzies ah when hair i am
returns well thank you ken
i think that one looks like another
winner
ken burns hemingway airs on pbs you can
get it on the app you can watch it on tv
through april 7th and all three episodes
are streaming now
at pbs.org thank you ken burns hi i'm
jimmy kimmel and i am not allowed to eat
this cookie until you click the
subscribe button so please click now i'm
hungry